## a

I probably wouldn't be interested in such a job, as I'm not very good with people and find this kind of work exhausting.

## b

In the first paragraph Agata talks about her education and English language skills. In the second paragraph she talks about her work experience as an intern in a travel company. In the third paragraph she lists her strengths and explains why she is qualified for this job.

## c

### 1

(1st p.) I made many American friends during this period, but we lost touch when I came home.
(2nd p.) He is, in fact, my uncle.
(3rd p.) I would definitely not panic when things got busy! 

### 2

- advertised **on** ...
- ... spoken **English**
- .. **for** six months
- ... exchange **program**
- marketing **assistant** ...
- **The company director**
- ... **about** traveling
- apart **from** ...
- calm and **conscientious**
- further information

## d

If I, being a manager of a travel company, saw this draft of the email, I would definitely not give Agata an interview, as there are too many grammar mistakes and irrelevant information in the email.

## e

1. I am writing to apply for the post of receptionist.
2. I have recently graduated from university, where I completed a degree in Business Studies.
3. I have a high level of spoken English.
4. I have some relevant experience.
5. My tasks have included dealing with clients by phone.
6. I would welcome the chance to be part of such a high-profile company.
7. I attach a full CV.
8. If you require further information, I would be very happy to provide it.
9. I look forward to hearing from you.